Translation corrections (#482)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_024.txt

			NULL, "\"Yes.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/220900055", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "——あの子というよりも、あの子を中心とした運命ってやつが、…ズタズタに引き裂いてやりたいほど憎くて仕方がない！」",

> 			NULL, " ...It's not the girl herself though, but rather the destiny centered around her... I hate it and want to tear it apart more than I can bear!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " ...It's not the girl herself though, but rather the destiny centered around her... I can't help but hate it so much I want to tear it apart!\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rはじめて知った、銃弾の響きと空気の震え。…少し遅れて、生命さえも簡単に奪ってしまえる凶器の実感がじわじわとせりあがってきて、それは恐怖と、怯えとなる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "はじめて知った、銃弾の響きと空気の震え。…少し遅れて、生命さえも簡単に奪ってしまえる凶器の実感がじわじわとせりあがってきて、それは恐怖と、怯えとなる。",

> 			NULL, "For the first time, I felt the air quake at the sound of gunfire. ...And just a moment later, I sensed the startling and terrifying sensation of being faced with a weapon that could easily take my life slowly rising up.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "For the first time, I felt the air quake at the sound of gunfire. ...And just a moment later, I sensed the startling and terrifying sensation of being faced with a weapon that could easily take my life, slowly rising up.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, " Yes, absolutely delightful!!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/220900120", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　ここまで私の読みが当たって、万全の準備が生かされたかと思うと、もうおかしくておかしくて死んじゃいそうだわぁぁあぁッッ！！」",

> 			NULL, " I'd thought all my predictions were right and that my thorough preparations had been put to good use, but this is so hilarious I could die laughing!!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " I'd thought all my predictions were right and that my thorough preparations had been put to good use, but this is so, so hilarious I could die laughing!!\"", Line_Normal);
```

		if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f6d9a8>鷹野</color>", NULL, "<color=#f6d9a8>Takano</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
		ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/vt4bc_takano1036", 256, TRUE);
		OutputLine(NULL, "「…でもね、だからといってそんな連中の思惑で振り回されるのは、私は絶対にごめんだ！！」",

> 				NULL, "\"...But even, I won't let myself be swung around by their whims anymore!!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				NULL, "\"...But even so, I won't let myself be swung around by their whims anymore!!\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r無情にも。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "無情にも。",

> 			NULL, "It was a truly cruel sight.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Devoid of any heart.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"...You guys did your best.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/220900157", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "だからご褒美に、苦しまないよう一思いに殺してあげるわね…。",

> 			NULL, " So as a reward for that, I'll kill you now so you won't have to suffer...", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " So as a reward, I'll kill you now so you won't have to suffer...", Line_WaitForInput);
```
